# Medicine Automation Software(MSA)

Perform structured analysis and structured design for the following Medicine Shop Automation (MSA) software: A retail medicine shop deals with a large number of medicines procured from various manufacturers. The shop owner maintains different medicines in wall mounted and numbered racks.
* The shop owner maintains as few inventory for each item as reasonable, to reduce inventory overheads after being inspired by the just-in-time (JIT) philosophy.
* Thus, one important problem the shop owner faces is to be able to order items as soon as the number of items in the inventory reduces below a threshold value. The shop owner wants to maintain medicines to be able to sustain selling for about one week. To calculate the threshold value for each item, the software must be able to calculate the average number of medicines sales for one week for each part.
* At the end of each day, the shop owner would request the computer to generate the items  to  be  ordered.   The  computer  should  print  out  the  medicine  description,  the quantity required,  and the address of the vendor supplying the medicine.  The shop-owner should be able to store the name, address, and the code numbers of the medicines that each vendor deals with.
* Whenever  new  supply  arrives,  the  shop  owner  would  enter  the  item  code  number,quantity,  batch  number,  expiry  date,  and  the  vendor  number.   The  software  should print out a cheque favoring the vendor for the items supplied.
* When the shop owner procures new medicines it had not dealt with earlier, he shouldbe able to enter the details of the medicine such as the medicine trade name, generic name, vendors who can supply this medicine, unit selling and purchasing price.  The computer  should  generate  a  code  number  for  this  medicine  which  the  shop  owner would paste the code number in the rack where this medicine would be stored.  The shop owner should be able to query about a medicine either using its generic name or the trade name and the software should display its code number and the quantity present.
* At the end of every day the shop owner would give a command to generate the list of medicines which have expired. It should also prepare a vendor-wise list of the expired items so that the shop owner can ask the vendor to replace these items. Currently, this activity alone takes a tremendous amount of labour on the part of the shop owner and is a major motivator for the automation endeavour. 
* Whenever any sales occurs, the shop owner would enter the code number of each medicine and the corresponding quantity sold. The MSA should print out the cash receipt. 
* The computer should also generate the revenue and profit for any given period. It should also show vendor-wise payments for the period.
